device-drivers
--------------
ltpacpi.sh

	ACPI (Advanced Control Power & Integration) testscript for 2.5 kernels.


fs
--
doio

	growfiles

		This program will grow a list of files.
		Each file will grow by grow_incr before the same
		file grows twice.  Each file is open and closed before next file is opened.

	rwtest

		A wrapper for doio and iogen.

		doio -  a general purpose io initiator with system call and
                	write logging.  See doio.h for the structure which defines
	                what doio requests should look like.
  
	                Currently doio can handle read,write,reada,writea,ssread,
	                sswrite, and many varieties of listio requests.
        	        For disk io, if the O_SSD flag is set doio will allocate
	                the appropriate amount of ssd and do the transfer - thus, doio
	                can handle all of the primitive types of file io.

		iogen - a tool for generating file/sds io for a doio process

fs_inod

	Rapidly creates and deletes files through
        multiple processes running in the background.
        The user may specify the number of subdirectories
        to create, the number of files to create (per
        subdirectory), and the number of times to repeat
        the creation/deletion cycle.

fs_maim

	Collection of smaller scripts to stress storage management
	utilities.

fs_perms

	Regression test for Linux filesystem permissions.

fsstress

	A highly configurable stress test utility that calls most of the main
	file system syscalls.  Originally developed by SGI for XFS testing.

fsx-linux
	
	Filesystem stress test developed by Apple Computer, Inc.

ftest

	A collection of file system tests developed by Sequent/IBM.

inode

	Inode-based stress tests.

lftest
	The purpose of this test is to verify the file size limitations of a filesystem.
        It writes one buffer at a time and lseeks from the beginning of the file to the
        end of the last write position.  The intent is to test lseek64.

linktest

	Regression test for max links per file

openfile

	Creates files and opens simultaneously

proc
	
	Recursively reads all files within /proc filesystem.

stream

	Collection of tests for testing stream functions.



io
--
aio

	Collection of asynchronous i/o tests.


direct_io

	Collection of direct i/o tests.

disktest

        Does repeated accesses to a filespec and optionally writes to, reads from,
        and  verifies  the  data.  By default, disktest makes assumptions about 
        the running environment which allows for a quick start of IO generation.  
	However, Disktest has  a  large  number  of command line options which can 
        be used to adapt the test for a variety of uses including data integrity, 
	medium integraty, performance, and  simple application simulation.


stress_cd

	Creates multiple read threads on the cdrom device.

stress_floppy

	Tests the reading/writing/formatting on a floppy drive.



ipc
---
ipc_stress

	A collection of tests designed to stress IPC.

pipeio

	This tool can be used to beat on system or named pipes.
	See the help() function below for user information.

semaphore

	sem01

		Creates a semaphore and two processes.  The processes
        	each go through a loop where they semdown, delay for a
      		random amount of time, and semup, so they will almost
        	always be fighting for control of the semaphore.

	sem02
		The application creates several threads using pthread_create().
		One thread performs a semop() with the SEM_UNDO flag set. The
		change in sempaphore value performed by that semop should be
		"undone" only when the last pthread exits.
